[Rewrite] Function Wikis - #1 (#201)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/var.md

# $var
Creates a temporary variable.

> Unlike, it's counterpart variables (i.e [`$setVar`](./setVar.md), [`$setUserVar`](./setUserVar.md) etc.) which needs to create a variable in the app in order to store data. [`$var[]`](./var.md) doesn't require.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike, it's counterpart variables (i.e [`$setVar`](./setVar.md), [`$setUserVar`](./setUserVar.md) etc.) which needs you to create a variable in the app, [`$var[]`](./var.md) doesn't require you to do that.
```

Instead, it creates the variable automatically during it's runtime and gets deleted once the command execution terminates.

> The data stored in the temporary variable can be retrieved during it's execution period only and is removed once it's finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data stored in the temporary variable can only be retrieved during its execution period and is removed once it's finished.
```
